Use only one string instead of a list of strings in fabric distribution emails and aliases (#19)
xmartlabs/android-snapshot-publisher: README.md

```groovy
snapshotPublisher {
    fabric {
        distributionEmails = ""
        distributionGroupAliases = ""
        distributionNotifications = true
    }
    // ...
}
```

- `distributionEmails`: The list of email addresses of those who'll get the release.

> This value is build joining all emails by a comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value is built by joining all emails with commas.
```

For example if you want to distribute the build to `email1@mail.com` and `email2@mail.com`, `distributionEmails` value should be `"email1@mail.com,email2@mail.com"`.
- `distributionGroupAliases`: The list of names (aliases) of the groups defined inside Fabric's Beta that will get the release.

> As well as `distributionEmails`, all aliases must to be joined by a comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as `distributionEmails`, all aliases must be joined by commas.
```
